hello is hi i'm melina today i'm at a
special kind of tuning test tuning today
we are testing the new Sonic's polishes
based on nanotechnology here we have
three cars were three different pen
types but has a brand new Mercedes
c-class Philip has are not so brand new
audio six and the paint is in the best
shape anymore which made our best
Myriam you certainly must have the
oldest car here for this set this is
your first car right exactly I got to
keep used it's got a few years and
that's bad but it still drives that's
the main thing you span is usually the
case forecast pain has not come off yet
but it's also not nice to look at
anymore these car owners are armed with
the right Sonic's products and will
start to polish on my signal in your
positions Freddy said we'll go and while
they do the polishing let's take a
closer look at a nanotechnology painting
surfaces as well as new paints in theory
have rough surfaces as the magnification
shows conventional polishes have
relatively large wax particles rubbing
in all of the polishes therefore
difficult the new extreme series by
Sonax is the first polish based on
nanotechnology the wax particles are 50
times smaller and therefore combine
better with the rule surface of the
paint the result
polishing is a snap Sonax extreme nano
pro the smallest particles give the
power for maximum care I see that it's
working hot here and I can already see
the first result Wow
this wax especially fine and very
thoroughly protects new paints in
particular the deep shine also stays
there for very long time
yes it's sparkling and it's already
shining not bad Miriam for you the nano
particles have a whole lot to do so
how's it going there that's really easy
I was thinking that polishing the pubic
and that wouldn't do anything for older
cars it's winter now perfect perfect but
then you're using Sonic's nylon Pro it
seems to really work we let those three
work a bit more now and let's take
another close look at the products
especially tailored to each individual
Penn State for new panes
Sonax extreme brilliant wax one
concentrated wax based on nanotechnology
which penetrates into the fine pores of
new paints and forms a permanent of
protective layer it has a super shine
and preserves and protects it intensely
for a long time for paints under light
stress in other words cars which are
already a few years old
Sonax extreme polish and wax - is the
pro choice fine craters are formed in
the paint surface due to aggressive
exposure to the elements the paint is
dull and doesn't have much of a shine
micro-fine colleges remove these craters
and create a smooth surface at the same
time the high quality wax is based on
nanotechnology cover the paint with a
fine protective film the resulting deep
shine stays for a long time the paint is
permanently protected of course
Sonax also has something for more
difficult cases for dull and heavily
withered paints Sonax extreme polish and
wax 3 due to aggressive exposure to the
elements deep craters and fine scratches
have formed in the paint surface the
paint is completely dull and has lost
its shine high-performance polishes
remove these uneven areas and create a
smooth surface dull colors are live and
up to look great and the result is a
super shine fabulous results with
minimum effort and cost due to Sonic's
nano pro so let's take a look at what
happened to the three cars super shines
top preservation the water drips off and
the paint is completely protected
against so now fill it by your satisfied
yeah top
the slightly weathered paint is shining
again here the work was really worth it
Miriam it sparkling and shining over
there are you happy with the results
supe and it wasn't hard at all and it's
shining again and most important is it
preserved for a long time so Doc's
extreme nano pro the first car polish
based on nanotechnology saves a lot of
time and gives a full shot and perfect
long-term protection for each paint with
a new weathered are also really dull
fate Sonax extreme nano pro gives a deep
shine long preservation and protection
from all of the elements the application
is particularly easy and time-saving
Sonax extreme nano pro 4 color metallic
and also the new more scratch resistant
paints